# OasisinfoDS

This is a data science project that uses linear regression to predict sales based on advertising spending.

Table of Contents
Introduction
Data
Methodology
Results
Conclusion

Introduction
The goal of this project is to develop a linear regression model that can predict sales based on advertising spending on different media channels. The data for this project was obtained from a public dataset that contains information on advertising spending and sales for a fictitious company.

Data
The dataset used in this project contains information on advertising spending on three different media channels: TV, radio, and newspaper. The target variable is the sales generated by the advertising campaign. The dataset contains 200 observations.

Methodology
The first step in the project was to clean and preprocess the data. This involved checking for missing values and removing any duplicates.

Next, we split the data into training and testing sets. The training set was used to train the linear regression model, while the testing set was used to evaluate the performance of the model.

We then fit a linear regression model using the training data. We used the statsmodels library to fit the model and obtain information on the coefficients, p-values, and R-squared value.

Results
The linear regression model had an R-squared value of 0.9, indicating that it explains 90% of the variance in the sales data. The coefficients for the different media channels were as follows:

TV: 0.047
Radio: 0.18
Newspaper: 0.001
This suggests that advertising spending on TV and radio have a greater impact on sales compared to spending on newspaper advertising.

We also evaluated the performance of the model on the testing set. The model had an R-squared value of 0.85 on the testing set, indicating that it performed well on new, unseen data.

Conclusion
In conclusion, we developed a linear regression model that can predict sales based on advertising spending on different media channels. The model had a good performance on both the training and testing sets, and can be used to make predictions on new data. This information can be useful for companies to optimize their advertising spending and maximize their sales.
